1. Overview
we have a project in which we have made a memory Game, 
Game is consist of A 4 by 4 grid of squares that have pictures assigned, 
Goal of the game is to find all pairs in the game,
when we click a tile it reveals its assigned picture , after clicking two tiles program checks if both pictures
are same then both pictures will be removed else it remains hidden , and we continue untill we find pair of same pictures,
when we find all pairs then game is over , and we start again a new game with same process.
our game is a web application so its made of JsvsScript,HTML and CSS.


2. Current situation
This game is very smart and useful,it can not only practice our brain,but also test our brain

3. List of requirements
New Game - The New Game function generates 16 tiles with unique IDs and hidden background images.Upon pressing the New Game button on top of the screen
ShowImg and HideImg - The ShowImg function reveals the given tile's hidden background image once the tile is clicked,the HideImg function changes the tile back to the original state,when the two tiles do not match up
Check Status - This function checks if the same tile has been clicked twice and if it is, it flips back the tile.
Hide Tile - Removes the tiles it recieves. This will be used when a match is found
Flip - Handles tile flipping and matching logics, controls the amount of tiles that can be revealed at the same time,which means two

4. Current business flow model
we made a memory game in which we have pictures in gird view and pictures are hidden in tiles  and we have to click one by one tile
every tile has assigned pictures so clicking tile it reveals its assigned picture then program will match the pictures that we clicked 
if they matched then they will be removed , 
so the Goal is find all the pairs and finish the game , 
for star new game there is a button 'new game ' by clicking new game it will reset the pictures and start again .

5. Required business flow
there will be 8 images that are assigned to 2 tiles each on a 4x4 grid. 
Clicking a tile reveals a image
Clicking a tile while having one revealed, will reveal the second one and check if they match up
If they do, both tiles are removed from the screen. If they don't, the pictures are hidden again, and the next round starts.
If the player finds all the pairs, the game is over.

6.Use cases
firstly Who is going to  use the website ?
as this is a memory game so everyone  can use it . 

What the user want to do?
kinds who want to improve thir memory they can use it , or for  time pass or for fun  people can use this game 

The steps the user takes to accomplish a particular task .
open the game first , then we have to click one by one tile
every tile has assigned pictures so clicking tile it reveals its assigned picture then program will match the pictures that we clicked 
if they matched then they will be removed , 
after finding all the pairs if user wants another game then there is a button 'new game ' click it it will start a new game agian.

7. Screen plans
pictures of how we imagin the interface will look like

8. Script
player click “start” ,there will be squares the have pictures
Click a tile reveals the picture,
Click a tile while having one revealed,will reveal the second one and check if they match up
If they do, both tiles are removed from the screen. If they don't, the pictures get hidden again and the next round starts.
If the player finds all the pairs, the game is over.
Clicking the "new game" button resets the game

9. Glossary
HTML: Hypertext Markup Language, the foundation of any website
CSS: Cascading Style Sheets, this can be used to make a page look prettier
JavaScript: A programming language that's widely used in web enviorements
u: replacement for the english word "you". used by lazy people and in casual online conversations.
