1. Goal of the system
The goal of program is provide a very simple and easy memory game , and a game who;s goal is to get all the tiles flipped face up  
(i.e., find all the matching image pairs) in the least number of tries.  Playing memory games can improve the player's short-term memory, dexterity, reaction time, precision and strategy.
for the perpose of stress-free this game has not timer , no tention of time play relaxily.
our last aim is to make a easy program so that we can percatice and will get ready to make big projects.


2. Project plan
Contributors.                Roles.                        

1.Lovász Ákos       > Original game idea, Backend programmer, Project manager, Documentation    
2.Bálint Krigovszki > Frontend programmer, Backend programmer, UI Designer, Documentation                      
3.Om Parkash        > Documentation                     
4.yang yizhou       > Documentation                      




3. Business process model
game can be played like this,
we have pictures in gird view and pictures are hidden in tiles  and we have to click one by one tile
every tile has assigned pictures so clicking tile it reveals its assigned picture then program will 
 match the pictures that we clicked if they matched then they will be removed , 
so the Goal is find all the pairs and finish the game , 
for start new game there is a button 'new game ' by clicking new game it will reset the pictures and start again .



4. Requirements
program's goals are ,
 . make a simple and short memory game
 . to have an experience about project 
 . to make a game that can used be used for fun and knowledge 
 . to make game more visualy good (looks of interface)
 . to make game more understandable 
 

5. Functional plan
User do not have any roles and duties,this game is completely for brain practice and test

6. Physical enviorement
the platform for the program is visual studio code , and it was created by Javascript , HTML and CSS .

7. Architectural plan
The application's design was created via HTML and CSS. The HTML contains a wrapper
class that organizes all the tiles into a grid 4x4 grid layout. Tiles are using a
box named class and also a hover selector for that class which gives the tile its
design and simplicity. The 16 tiles are generated via Javascript, by using a for
loop, which makes it dynamic and able to give each tile its own unique ID.
The tiles' IDs are used to identify each tile in Javascript functions so it knows
which tile it's working with. Upon clicking a tile its onclick event calls the flip
function which increases the flipped tile counter by 1 and calls the showImg function
to reveal the hidden image on the selected tile's back by changing the background.
IF the same tile is selected twice nothing happens and that is because of the
checkStatus function. However if the second selection is not the same as the first
one the flipped tile counter increased by 1 again so no more tiles can be selected.
If the second tile matches the first selected one then hideTile function switches
both tiles' CSS classes to a class named hiddenBox which is supposed to hide boxes
from the user. If two tiles do not match they are reverted back by the hideImg
function to their default state which is the tile's front side with no images
displayed. The New Game button's onclick event calls the newGame function which sets
all tiles' backgrounds to empty and generates 16 new tiles with new images on the back. 

8. Implementation plan
For this web based project we used HTML to build the application's basic structure
then used CSS elements and classes to give it a simple and clean design anyone can
easily understand. Javascript was used to handle the game's mechanics, such as the
tile matching logic, tile flipping counter, flipping and hiding tiles via changing
certain elements' css classes and starting a new game by the click of a button.

9. Testing plan
during test stratgy,we need to test every function one by one,including system testing
the tester should have the ability to understand customers point of view,then we should test the whole
program,the goal is to test the whole program 100 times by the tester and no mistakes occure 

10. Install plan
we will put all the file on our server,and install the necessary enviorement,
then our user can reach this program via our website

11. Maintenance plan
the goal of this is to make sure that this program work properly ,as lone as any problem occure,the 
program will send a message about this problem,then we can solve it
